Note: we have been using Google Docs for our meeting notes over the past year, but are currently experimenting with using the wiki for this. It improves open-ness and can be referenced more easily.

## Wednesday, 15th Jan

* Simon started work on bringing [queues](https://github.com/yeoman/generator/pull/468) to the generator system. Next up is priority queues. Feedback would be appreciated on the [composability](https://github.com/yeoman/generator/issues/433) discussion thread. AI for the team: Provide feedback to Simon before next week. Right now we look to using the queue name as the namespace in the prototype, but there may be a cleaner solution we can think of. Otherwise, queues are great. We're not passing callbacks down the process anymore. 
* `grunt serve` is the new hotness. Thanks to Eddie for his PRs, Sindre for merging. Tag/release new versions this week.
* Official [generator](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/issues/1263) cleanup - can we add references to .yo-rc examples and start to break up tasks?
* Addy is working on defining the [roadmap](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/issues/1264) for this quarter, how we might help [existing](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/issues/1265) projects. How important do we feel the [installers](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/issues/1262) are for our beginners? Also need to wrap up RequireJS PR.
* Dynamically selecting the new available port for connection [PR](https://github.com/eddiemonge/grunt-contrib-connect/commit/7bd5022e4b5f53919f0fc94e0501548dd3ef666b) - changes of this landing upstream?
* Is any more feedback required on the [Gruntfile API](https://github.com/yeoman/generator/issues/432) thread? If not, where does this fit in terms of the queues system? Does it need an implementation soon?
* Documentation [sprint](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/issues/1259) plans. How do we want to run this? Dedicated day? Time? In-person? Would be great to knock out some revised docs soon.
* Site [design refresh](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman.io/issues/113) - per last week we've confirmed a designer is interested thanks to Simon. Can/should we get them in on the meetings or do an introduction? The issue describes a good set of what we're after based on community feedback. Do we want to begin with iterating on some mocks?
* Roadmaps for our official generators. If time allows it would be great to polish up our plans for Angular, Backbone, Ember, Chrome Apps etc. It would also be great to find a way to better surface the lesser known generators (Gruntfile etc). Are we using these ourselves?
* Find out where we are with [grunt-reduce](https://github.com/yeoman/yeoman/issues/1234) and the asset graph work being done by Peter.